DOC Multioutput classifier example loc change (#21889)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/multiclass.rst

that are trained on a single X predictor matrix to predict a series
of responses (y1,y2,y3...,yn).

> You find an example of a multilabel classification as part of the
> multi-class multi-label classification 
> in :ref:`multiclass_multioutput_classification`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a usage example for
:class:`~sklearn.multioutput.MultiOutputClassifier`
as part of the section on :ref:`multiclass_multioutput_classification`
since it is a generalization of multilabel classification to
multiclass outputs instead of binary outputs.
```

multitask classification) tasks, support the multilabel classification task
as a special case. Multitask classification is similar to the multioutput
classification task with different model formulations. For more information,
see the relevant estimator documentat

Below is an example of multiclass-multioutput classification:

    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
    >>> from sklearn.multioutput import MultiOutputClassifier
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestClassifier
    >>> from sklearn.utils import shuffle
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> X, y1 = make_classification(n_samples=10, n_features=100,
    ...                             n_informative=30, n_classes=3,
    ...                             random_state=1)
    >>> y2 = shuffle(y1, random_state=1)
    >>> y3 = shuffle(y1, random_state=2)
    >>> Y = np.vstack((y1, y2, y3)).T
    >>> n_samples, n_features = X.shape # 10,100
    >>> n_outputs = Y.shape[1] # 3
    >>> n_classes = 3
    >>> forest = RandomForestClassifier(random_state=1)

>     >>> multi_target_forest = MultiOutputClassifier(forest, n_jobs=-1)

Reviewer: While we are at it, let's limit the number of workers to avoid memory crash with starting to many Python subprocesses when running those docstests on machines with many cores.

```suggestion
    >>> multi_target_forest = MultiOutputClassifier(forest, n_jobs=2)
```
